New entry for the charCodeAt method in javascript (#4746)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/strings/terms/charCodeAt/charCodeAt.md

---
Title: '.charCodeAt()'
Description: 'Returns an integer representing the UTF-16 character code at the specified index'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **charCodeAt()** method used with javascript strings returns an positive integer representing UTF-16 character code at the given index.

## Syntax

```pseudo
sentence.charCodeAt()
```

> The `.charCodeAt()` method returns a positive integer for the provided variable `sentence`.

Reviewer: Instead of this line, describe the above two parameters in the following format:
- `string`: describe this parameter
- `index`: describe this parameter

## Example

> In the example below, the variable `sentence` stores a string variable to check the `charCodeAt()` method against and logs the result to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, a string variable named `sentence` is initialized to hold a sentence. The `.charCodeAt()` method is then used to retrieve the Unicode value of a character in the string, which is subsequently logged to the console.
```

```js
let sentence = 'A sample sentence for demoing how the method works'
console.log(sentence.charCodeAt(0)) // returns 65 the code for the letter A
```

This results in the following output:

```shell
65

> ```

Reviewer: Please add a ##Codebyte Example at the end, with a runnable code for the `.chatCodeAt()` method, don't show the output for that block.
